NEXT-12713 - [NEW] Override existing routes (#168)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/administration/customizing-modules.md

## Prerequisites

> All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance. Of course, you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) and the [Vue Router](https://router.vuejs.org/). However, that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance. Of course, you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) and the [Vue Router](https://router.vuejs.org/). However, these are prerequisites for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.
```
